43.Types of pchedo classes

44.How to import external CSS in HTML page
. <link>

45.What does CSS stand for?
. Cascading Style Sheets

46.Where in an HTML document is the correct place to refer to an external style sheet?
. Each HTML page must include a reference to the external style sheet file inside the <link> element, inside the head section.

47.What does CSS stand for?
. Cascading Style Sheets

48.Which HTML tag is used to define an internal style sheet?
. <style>

49.Which HTML attribute is used to define
. The style attribute in HTML is used to define the inline style within the HTMl tags.

50.What is HTMl5 Element ?
. <mark> <meter> <nav>

51.Explain HTML 5 Element ?
.Represents a piece of content that is only slightly related to the rest of the page.

52.What is the use of CCS 3?
. It is used with HTML to create and format content structure. 

53.inline styles?
. inline style using to html tags in line code

54.Which is the correct CSS syntax?
.A CSS Syntax rule consists of a selector, property, and its value.

55.Which property is used to specify table borders in CSS?
. border property

56.What is NOT an advantage of using CSS files?
. you will control the color of the text, the design of fonts,

57.What property defines whether background images scroll along
. The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

58. with the elementwhen the document is scrolled?
. scroll top property

59.Which of the following css declarations will create italicized text?
. You can also italicize text with the CSS font-style property set to italic.

60.What is the CSS shorthand to set a borders top to 10, bottom to 5, left to 20 andright to 1 pixel?
. border: 10px 1px 5px 20px;

61.Which of the following tells the browser where you want to apply the rule?
. A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. 

62.Why will the following declaration not work? p { margin-right:80 px;}
. You cannot see the effect of margin-right because the 'width' property of div causes the margin of div to have more than 10px distance from the right wall of the body.

63.What do you need to change in order to visually modify a button on mouseover?
. To make a button hover, you can use CSS. You can add a hover effect to a button by setting the button's CSS :hover pseudo-class. 

64.True or False: The borders of an element can vary only up to 2 sides
. False

65.Which is correct use of border-radius?
. The border-radius CSS property rounds the corners of an element's outer border edge. 

66.How do you insert a comment in a CSS file?
. to comment in CSS, simply place your plain text inside /* */ marks.

67.Which property is used to change the background color?
. background-color property is used to change the background color of an element.

68.Which CSS property is used to change the text color of an element? 
. The 'color' property in CSS is used to change the text color of an HTML element.

69.Which CSS property controls the text size?
. font-size

70.What is the correct CSS syntax for making elements bold?
. p {font-weight: bold}.

71.Types of element positioning in CSS?
. static, relative, absolute, fixed, or sticky

72.How to handle content overflow in element
. The overflow property helps you manage an element's content overflow.

73.What is padding ?
. Padding is used to create space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders.

74.Which property is used to change the left margin of an element?
. margin-left CSS property

75.TRUE/FALSE – CSS is case sensitive?
. true

